#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
babel==2.17.0
    # via flask-babel
backports-datetime-fromisoformat==2.0.3
    # via marshmallow
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
brotli==1.1.0
    # via flask-compress
cachelib==0.13.0
    # via flask-caching
click==8.1.8
    # via flask
flask==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-compress
    #   flask-script
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-babel==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-caching==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-compress==1.18
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-script==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
geoalchemy2==0.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
geojson==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   markdown
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
markdown==3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   gunicorn
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via flask-babel
pyzstd==0.17.0
    # via flask-compress
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   geoalchemy2
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   marshmallow
    #   pyzstd
    #   sqlalchemy
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via flask
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
